Add uninstall instructions to RUM auto instrumentation server-side (#28703)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/server/apache.md

[3]: https://httpd.apache.org/modules/
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/rum/list
[5]: /real_user_monitoring/guide/sampling-browser-plans/
[6]: https://rum-auto-instrumentation.s3.amazonaws.com/httpd/latest/mod_datadog-amd64.zip

## Uninstall

To manually remove RUM from your auto-instrumented web server:

> 1. Locate your Apache httpd binary file. It may be one of `httpd`, `apachectl`, `apache2` or `apache2ctl`. The following steps use `httpd` as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I combined steps 1-2 since they are actually the same step.

> 1. Locate your Apache httpd binary, it may be one of `httpd`, `apachectl`, `apache2` or `apache2ctl`. `httpd` will be used for illustration purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate your Apache httpd binary file. It may be one of `httpd`, `apachectl`, `apache2` or `apache2ctl`. The following steps use `httpd` as an example.
```

How do users know which one it would be? what determines the type of binary file it will be?

Author: Depends on the linux distro. These are the most popular ones, which are the ones that the installer is actually looking for.

> 2. Locate the Apache httpd configuration file by running `httpd -V`. For example: `/usr/local/apache2/conf/httpd.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the Apache (`httpd`) configuration file by running `httpd -V`. Depending on the Linux distribution used, this binary file could be named `http`, `apachectl`, `apache2` or `apache2ctl`. The following steps use `httpd` as an example. In this instance, the file location could be: `/usr/local/apache2/conf/httpd.conf`.
```

> 2. Locate the Apache httpd configuration file by running `httpd -V`. Example: `/usr/local/apache2/conf/httpd.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Locate the Apache httpd configuration file by running `httpd -V`. For example: `/usr/local/apache2/conf/httpd.conf`.
```

> 3. At the end of the httpd configuration file, remove the line: `Include /opt/datadog-httpd/datadog.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. At the end of the httpd configuration file, remove the line: `Include /opt/datadog-httpd/datadog.conf`.
```

> 3. Edit the file by removing the following line at the end `Include /opt/datadog-httpd/datadog.conf`.

Reviewer: i'm not sure what this sentence is trying to say, but made a guess. Please update if needed.
```suggestion
3. At the end of the httpd configuration file, remove the line: `Include /opt/datadog-httpd/datadog.conf`.
```

> 4. Delete the directory `/opt/datadog-httpd/` and all of its contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Delete the directory `/opt/datadog-httpd/` and all of its contents.
```

> 5. Restart or reload Apache httpd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restart or reload Apache httpd.
```

> 4. Delete the directory `/opt/datadog-httpd/` and all its contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Delete the directory `/opt/datadog-httpd/` and all of its contents.
```

> 5. Finally, restart or reload Apache httpd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Restart or reload Apache httpd.
```
